en: add `cert-allowed-cn` option (#144)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/enable-tls-between-components.md

## Step 2: Deploy the TiDB cluster

> When you deploy a TiDB cluster, you can enable TLS across clusters, and set the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item (for TiDB, the configuration item is `cluster-verify-cn`) to verify the CN (Common Name) of each component certificate across clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy a TiDB cluster, you can enable TLS between TiDB components, and set the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item (for TiDB, the configuration item is `cluster-verify-cn`) to verify the CN (Common Name) of each component certificate between TiDB components.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, you can set only one value for the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item for the PD.

Reviewer 2: "PD" (without "the") or "the Placement Driver"
```suggestion
> Currently, you can set only one value for the `cert-allowed-cn` configuration item of PD.
```
